Add IPNI org profile (#1)
ipni/.github: profile/README.md

![banner](banner.png)

# IPNI
Welcome to the InterPlanetary Network Indexer (IPNI) organization on GitHub.

> IPNI is a content routing system optimised for large scale providers that facilitates bulk ingestion of millions of CIDs, and provides a super fast lookup over a simple HTTP REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPNI is a content routing system optimized to take billions of CIDs from large-scale data providers, and allow fast lookup of provider information using these CIDs over a simple HTTP REST API.
```
